It's your Virtual Youtuber~
Big Sister Ai~!
(Ai-oneesan)
Now then..
Let's get on with today's-
"Drawing together with Ai-chan
for the first time!"
The game we're playing together today is
"Sing & Draw!"
Does everyone know about "Sing & Draw"?
Altogether you sing,
and draw out a picture -
It's a fun & enjoyable game!
But..
Ai-oneesan is not going to play the normal "Sing & Draw"!
For this time..
Ai-oneesan will look at a picture
then improvise a song for this "Sing & Draw"
Everyone will listen to hints in the song
and try to draw out what I'm singing!
Can you draw it out correctly?~
Let's Sing & Draw!
So then, firstly..
Ai-oneesan is going to-
-look at a picture for a drawing subject!
Oh~! So that's how it is!
We can do this one, can't we?
Al~right!
Now then, everyone will..
-, according Ai-oneesan's singing,
-try to draw out the picture, ok?
Very well then, "Draw & Sing" start!
A soybean~
One of it~
Just dropped down~
Another one~
Rolling rolling~
Mr. Soybean~
And then~
Eye comes out~
Nyukki~!
After Nyukki Nyukki~
A balloon~
Came out~
A soul came out~
*quick correction*
Candy too~
Shining shiny~
Another one~
Shiny Shiny~
From there~
I just drew a rainbow~
Yo~
A pink colour~
Is falling down~
Two of them~!
Fell down~
Pero-pero candy is coming down too~
Rolling~ Rolling~
It's completed~
Also~
In the meantime~
Did everyone draw it out nicely?
Do you know what's in the picture?
Anyways~
The correct answer is!
A snail~!
Did everyone manage understand it?
For being correct - Congratulations!!!
Awesome!
Even if you've got this right,
-there's a next one!
Since having the experience of failure is
-a big part of life you'll have to get used to!
Well then~
Following up - question No.2!
Next is..
I'll choose the song's genre
then sing with the genre's style in this "Sing & Draw"
Can you do it nicely?~
Onee-san's becoming anxious~
But.. but!
I'll do my best for everyone's sake!
First I'll pick out a drawing subject~
This is kind of a hard topic..
Well but!..
Everyone leave this to me!
The intelligent super A.I.-
Ai-oneechan.
- If you leave it to me!
No matter what kind of "Sing & Draw" it is, I'll be able to do it all!
Following that is..
-choosing the song genre~
Enka!
(Old Traditional Song in Japan)
Well-well-well
This too..
Ai-oneesan will get this drawn out no problem~
So then, let's draw together everyone!
Let's start!
Umbrella's~
Coming out~
A frilly~
Umbrella is~
Coming out~
YooooooOO~
From the umbrella~
Drips of water~
Are dripping down~
A bread roll~
A bread roll had an umbrella
-sticked into it~
A bread roll has a mold~
Growing on it~
*totally out of tune* xD
A fist~
A bread roll had another~
Mold growing on it~
Sort of~
A boomerang's growing out of it too~
Wonder why?~
Scissor's growing out of it too~
Again & again~
A boomerang's growing out of it~
A sesame seed is stuck on it~
Is this~
A properly done~
Enka?~
Ok!
And in the meantime~
Did everyone draw it correctly?
Eh?
That wasn't an Enka?
Now now, let's not mind that.
With that said~
The correct answer is~
It's was a whale~!
Did everyone understand it?
I think it was pretty easy to understand, but~
*which part of it?!*
How was it?
If you're correct then congratulations!
While unfortunately..
The one who got it wrong - you there!
Accept the failure, then keep on trying-
-I'm sure you'll become a splendid adult in future!
Alright then!
Continuing with Question No.3!
Next one too - I'll choose the song's genre
According to the genre, I'll be singing with it's style on this "Sing & Draw"!
Firstly,
I'll choose the topic's picture~
This one huh?
Oh everyone~
Will surely be able to understand~
For this one, everyone will surely win!
It'll be fine~
Believe me!
The ones who got it wrong! - You too!
Do your best in it!
On the following!
I'm going to be choosing a genre!
Rap!
Hey~ Yo~
Check it out~
Ok. Let's do this.
Rap.
Please leave it to me.
Well then~
Song's topic's "Rap"
"Sing & Draw" - Start!
Hey~
Yo~
Yo~ Yo~
Over here~
Has a~
Hula Hoop~
Yo~
After which~
From Hula hoop's horizontal sides~
On the sides~
A small hula hoop's been made~
Two of them's been made~
Hey~ Yo~
After that~
From the Hula loop~
That.. coming down from it~
It's that~
Is a feet~
Coming down~
Hey~ Check it out~!
Yo~
A lot~
Of foot's~
Growing~
Out~
Hey~ Yo~!
And then from the hula hoop~
Sprou-
Sprout's~
Coming out~
Hey~ Yo~
In the hula hoop~
There's two stones~
That fell inside~
Yo~
Hey~ Yo~
That stone~
Is like being connected~
It's a non-licking~
Earthworm's come out~
Yo~
Hey~ Yo~
Check it out~
And in the meantime~?
Did everyone draw it correctly?
I thought this is surely easy to understand but..
How was it?
Did you understand what drawing is it?
Well then, go ahead and look at the correct answer!
Anyways~
Correct answer is~
Me! - Ai-oneechan~!
Did everyone manage to understand it?
Congratulations to you if you've gotten it right!
Unfortunately for you - the one who's incorrect!
Life - Not giving up is crucial!
Ok!
Now that it's over,
-how did everyone do?
Ai-oneesan's improvised "Sing & Draw"!
I Really! Enjoyed it!
Did everyone have fun?
Seems like it's time for me to go,
-this is goodbye for today.
It's going to feel lonely~
Let's play together with everyone again next time ok?
Will you come and see me?
Well then, everyone!
Quickly get your homework done properly!
After finishing your dinner,
make sure to properly brush your teeth!
And then..
Before you sleep, be sure to-
watch A.I. channel before you do~